Hey there, this is Sara! Thanks so much for agreeing to work with us :) 

Just a reminder, the cell phone view for the page is already finished. 
We just need you to make sure it also looks good on computer screens. 
Right now it looks kind of weird lol. Here's what we we are looking for: 

1. Text on big screens
- Align all the paragraph text to the left instead of the center
- Make the size of the paragraph text a little bit bigger (but make sure the lines aren't scrunched together)
- Make the page title text bigger

2. Picture of the skier on big screens
- Move the picture of the skier to the left side of the page and make the text wrap around it
- Make the picture take up a little less than half of the page width so it looks even with the text
- Put some space around the picture so the text doesn't get too close to it (that always bugs me)

3. Weird hover thing on cell phone
The last guy programmed some hover effects into the navbar at the top of the page. 
If you hover over the links with a mouse they change colors and if you hover over
the snowflake logo it rotates a little bit. The problem is when I'm on my phone and 
I tap one of those, the effect doesn't go away and it gets stuck like that on the page. 
Can you fix that?

4. Hidden section
When the page was first built, there was a section that was just a big picture of a mountain.
It looked great on my computer but I didn't like how it looked on my cell phone so the dev removed it.
Could you see if it's still in there somewhere and make it show up on bigger screens?

5. Motion sickness
The picture in that hidden section had this cool effect where it stayed in the same place 
as you scrolled the page. I loved the effect but a few of our members who are prone to motion sickness
felt really sick looking at it. I know they use a setting on their computers that reduces motion. 
Can you program the picture so the effect doesn't happen for them but everyone else can see it? 
Now that I think of it, could you also remove the snowflake logo hover effect for them as well?

Thanks again! I'm really excited to see this site finally get finished :)

- Sara